Update MASTG-TECH-0052 with simulator commands (#3186)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: techniques/ios/MASTG-TECH-0052.md

```bash
ssh -p 2222 root@localhost
```

## Simulator Shell

You can access the simulator shell by running:

```bash
xcrun simctl spawn booted /bin/sh
```

> However, it isn't very useful. The iOS Simulator is a stripped-down environment, meaning it doesn’t include many standard UNIX utilities like `ls`, `bash`, `sudo`, or `su`.

Author: ```suggestion
However, it isn't very useful. The iOS Simulator is a stripped-down environment, meaning it doesn't include many standard UNIX utilities like `ls`, `bash`, `sudo`, or `su`.
```
